  
  
            
 
 
 
 
  
  
              
 
 
  
  
                 
 
 
 
 
SnowPro Core Test Prep Questions  
  
  
               
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                        
     
 
 
  
  
       
         
             
      
 
  
  
             
   
  
    
      
  
  
         
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
                
 
   
  
               
 
 
  
  
            
 
 
    
    
  
  
          
 
   
 
 
 
 Question  #10 Topic 1 
 
 
Which statement  best describes  `clustering`?  
 
A. Clustering  represents  the way data is grouped  together  and stored within Snowflake 's micro-partitions  
B. The database  administrator  must de ne the clustering  methodology  for each Snowflake  table 
C. The clustering  key must be included  on the COPY command  when loading  data into Snowflake   
D. Clustering  can be disabled  within a Snowflake  account  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
            
 
  
 
  
  
  
              
    
    
  
       
 
 
 
  
  
               
 
  
   
     
  
                
 
 
    
 
 
  
  
           
 
 
  
  
                   
         
         
              
         
  
  
                  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
                       
  
 
   
  
                   
 
 
  
  
                         
 
 
 
  
  
              
          
       
            
            
  
  
     
      
      
 
  Question  #23 Topic 1 
 
 
In which layer of its architecture  does Snowflake  store its metadata  statistics?  
 
A. Storage  Layer 
B. Compute  Layer 
C. Database  Layer 
D. Cloud Services  Layer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
           
     
 
   
 
  
  
            
        
       
     
 
  
  
                  
 
 
 
 
 Question  #28 Topic 1 
 
 
Which type of table corresponds  to a single Snowflake  session?  
 
A. Temporary  
B. Transient  
C. Provisional  
D. Permanent  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
              
 
 
  
  
                        . 
 
 
  
  
                  
 
 
  
  
                      
 
 Question  #32 Topic 1 
 
 
Select the three types of tables that exist within Snowflake  (Choose three.) 
 
A. Temporary  
B. Transient  
C. Provisional  
D. Permanent  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
        
      
        
 
          
  
  
                      
  
 
 
  
  
                        
                
 
 
 
 
           Question  #37 Topic 1 
 
 
Which of the following  statements  are true of Snowflake  data loading?  (Choose  three.) 
 
A. VARIANT  null values are not the same as SQL NULL values 
B. It is recommended  to do frequent,  single row DMLs 
C. It is recommended  to validate  the data before loading  into the Snowflake  target table 
D. It is recommended  to use staging tables to manage  MERGE statements  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
     
        
            
           
       
  
  
            ? 
  
  
  
    
  
  
                 
 
 
  
  Question  #41 Topic 1 
 
 
Increasing  the maximum  number  of clusters  in a Multi-Cluster Warehouse  is an example  of: 
 
A. Scaling  rhythmically  
B. Scaling  max 
C. Scaling  out 
D. Scaling  up 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                   
 
 
 
 
  
  
             
 
 
 
 
  
  
            
    
              
             
                       
 Question  #45 Topic 1 
 
 
What is the maximum  compressed  row size in Snowflake ? 
 
A. 8KB 
B. 16MB 
C. 50MB 
D. 4000GB  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                  
 
 
 
 
  
  
                          
 
 
 
  
  
             
      
         
 
 
  
  
               
 
 Question  #49 Topic 1 
 
 
Which of the following  are common  use cases for zero-copy cloning?  (Choose  three.) 
 
A. Quick provisioning  of Dev and Test/QA  environments  
B. Data backups  
C. Point in time snapshots  
D. Performance  optimization  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                    
     
 
 
       
  
  
                  
 
 
 
 
  
  
? 
 
 
 
 Question  #54 Topic 1 
 
 
Query results are stored in the Result Cache for how long after they are last accessed,  assuming  no data changes  have occurred?  
 
A. 1 Hour 
B. 3 Hours 
C. 12 hours 
D. 24 hours 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                          
 
 
 
  
  
             
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
           
      
      
            
            Question  #58 Topic 1 
 
 
Which of the following  statements  is true of zero-copy cloning?  
 
A. Zero-copy clones increase  storage  costs as cloning the table requires  storing its data twice 
B. All zero-copy clone objects  inherit the privileges  of their original  objects  
C. Zero-copy cloning is licensed  as an additional  Snowflake  feature  
D. At the instance/instant  a clone is created,  all micro-partitions  in the original  table and the clone are fully shared 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
             
 
 
 
 
  
  
         
       
 
       
         
  
  
         
 
 
 
 Question  #62 Topic 1 
 
 
Which of the following  terms best describes  Snowflake 's database  architecture?  
 
A. Columnar  shared nothing  
B. Shared disk 
C. Multi-cluster,  shared data 
D. Cloud-native shared memory  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
              
 
 
  
  
           
 
 
 
 
  
  
             
        
         
            
 
  
  
                   
 
   
  
 Question  #66 Topic 1 
 
 
Which of the following  objects  is not covered  by Time Travel? 
 
A. Tables  
B. Schemas  
C. Databases  
D. Stages  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                      
 
 
  
  
                  
 
 
  
  
         
 
 
  
  
                
 
 
 
 Question  #71 Topic 1 
 
 
When can a Virtual Warehouse  start running  queries?  
 
A. 12am-5am 
B. Only during administrator  defined time slots 
C. When its provisioning  is complete  
D. After replication  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                  
      
 
        
      
  
  
              
 
 
       
. 
           
  
  
                 
 
 
  
  
                
     
       
         
        
 
 
 
 
  
  
            
             
     
            
                     
  
     
            
                 
                  
 
                  
  
  
                
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
                    
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
             
          
        
                 
 
                    
   
  
          
 
 
 
 
  
  
                     
 
 
 
  
  
                     
 
 
  
  
            ? 
 
  
    
    Question  #85 Topic 1 
 
 
When scaling out by adding clusters  to a multi-cluster warehouse,  you are primarily  scaling for improved:  
 
A. Concurrency  
B. Performance  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                  . 
 
 
  
  
                 
 
 
  
  
                
 
 
  
  
        ? 
       
             
                    
      
       
 
 
 
 
  
  
              
 
   
  
           
 
 
        
 
  
  
              
  
 
  
 
  
  
             
        
        
 
       
  
  
             
 
 Question  #95 Topic 1 
 
 
What is the minimum  Snowflake  edition that provides  multi-cluster warehouses  and up to 90 days of Time Travel? 
 
A. Standard  
B. Premier  
C. Enterprise  
D. Business  Critical  Edition  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
          
        
          
              
        
  
  
                 
 
 
  
  
                 
 
 
  
  
                
   
   
   
   Question  #100 Topic 1 
 
 
What is the most granular  object that the Time Travel retention  period can be defined on? 
 
A. Account  
B. Database  
C. Schema  
D. Table 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                 
 
 
  
  
              
 
 
  
  
          
 
 
  
  
                    
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
     
      
  
             
 
 
  
  
             
 
 
   
  
  
  
           
    
 
 
 
  
  
             
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
            
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
                   
    
 
  
 
    
  
  
            ? 
 
 
 
         
  
  
                 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
        
 
 
 
   
  
                  
 
 
 
  
  
  
                
 
 
 
 
  
  
                . 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
              
                     
 
                    
 
                      
 fi 
                    
   
  
               
 
 
  
  
                
 
 
  
  
           
 
 
  
  
                     
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
                
 
   
  
          
 
 
  
  
              
      
 
 
   
  
  
           
 
 
  
  
                       
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
              
       
       
       
         
  
              
               
 
 
          
                    
               
                    
  
  
           
  
  
 
 
  
  
               
                 
           
                
              
             
                
 
 
 
  
  
                      
       
 
   
  
              
   
 
       
 
  
  
            
    
      
 
       
       
  
  
          
      
       
  
         Question  #138 Topic 1 
 
 
What is the minimum  Snowflake  edition that has column -level security  enabled?  
 
A. Standard  
B. Enterprise  
C. Business  Critical  
D. Virtual Private Snowflake   
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
          
            
       
     
       
  
  
          
         
      
           
       
  
  
                 
        
        
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
               
 
 
 
   
  
                   ? 
 
 
 
 
  
  
              
 
 
   
   
  
  
          
 
 
 
 Question  #146 Topic 1 
 
 
Which of the following  are characteristics  of Snowflake  virtual warehouses?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Auto-resume  applies only to the last warehouse  that was started  in a multi-cluster warehouse.  
B. The ability to auto-suspend  a warehouse  is only available  in the Enterprise  edition or above. 
C. SnowSQL  supports  both a configuration  file and a command  line option for specifying  a default  warehouse.  
D. A user cannot specify a default  warehouse  when using the ODBC driver. 
E. The default  virtual warehouse  size can be changed  at any time. 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
           
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
 
  
  
  
        
              
         
         
             
             
Question  #150 Topic 1 
 
 
 
What versions  of Snowflake  should be used to manage  compliance  with Personal  Identifiable Information  (PII) requirements?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Custom  Edition  
B. Virtual Private Snowflake   
C. Business  Critical  Edition  
D. Standard  Edition  
E. Enterprise  Edition  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
             
  
  
  
 
  
  
                     
        ? 
 
 
  
    
  
  
                     
 
    
 
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
                  
                     
             
                  
                
                       
  
            ? 
  
     
   
   
  
  
             
               
               
             
                
  
  
             
 
 
 
 
  
Question  #158 Topic 1 
 
 
 
What is the SNOWFLAKE FL.ACCOUNT_USAGE  view that contains  information  about which objects  were read by queries  within the last 365 days 
(1 year)? 
 
A. VIEWS_HISTORY  
B. OBJECT_HISTORY  
C. ACCESS_HISTORY  
D. LOGIN_HISTORY  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
           
 
  
   
    
 
    
  
  
           
        
 
 
 
 
  
  
                   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
      
                  
 
 
 
 Question  #166 Topic 1 
 
 
How does Snowflake  Fail-safe protect  data in a permanent  table? 
 
A. Fail-safe makes data available  up to 1 day, recoverable  by user operations.  
B. Fail-safe makes data available  for 7 days, recoverable  by user operations.  
C. Fail-safe makes data available  for 7 days, recoverable  only by Snowflake  Support.  
D. Fail-safe makes data available  up to 1 day, recoverable  only by Snowflake  Support.  
 
 
 
 
Question  #167 Topic 1 
 
A virtual warehouse  is created  using the following  command:  
 
Create warehouse my_WH with 
warehouse_size = MEDIUM 
min_cluster_count = 1  
max_cluster_count  = 1 
auto_suspend = 60 
auto_resume  = true; 
The image below is a graphical  representation  of the warehouse  utilization  across two days. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
What action should be taken to address  this situation?  
 
A. Increase  the warehouse  size from Medium  to 2XL. 
B. Increase  the value for the parameter  MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL.  
C. Configure the warehouse  to a multi-cluster warehouse.  
D. Lower the value of the parameter  STATEMENT_QUEUED_TIMEOUT_IN_SECONDS.    
  
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
               
                       
                       
                       
                       
                       
                       
  
  
            
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
          
 
 
  
      
  
                           
           
 
      
 
 
              
    
       
  
  
         ? 
              
        
        
              
  
  
               
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
            
                
                
             
              
                
  
                 
 
 
 
 
  
  
     
          
                
             
                     
  
  
           
 
 
  
  Question  #176 Topic 1 
 
 
What is the minimum  Snowflake  edition required  to create a materialized  view? 
 
A. Standard  Edition  
B. Enterprise  Edition  
C. Business  Critical  Edition  
D. Virtual Private Snowflake  Edition 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
                
 
   
   
    
  
 
  
  
               
 
 
       
 Question  #182 Topic 1 
 
Which  methods  can be used to delete  staged  files from a Snowflake  stage?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Use the DROP command  after the load completes.  
B. Specify the TEMPORARY  option when creating  the file format.  
C. Specify the PURGE copy option in the COPY INTO command.  
D. Use the REMOVE  command  after the load completes.  
E. Use the DELETE  LOAD HISTORY  command  after the load completes.  
 
Question  #183 Topic 1 
 
On which of the following  cloud platforms  can a Snowflake  account  be hosted?  (Choose  three.) 
 
A. Amazon  Web Services  
B. Private Virtual Cloud 
C. Oracle  Cloud 
D. Microsoft  Azure Cloud 
E. Google Cloud Platform  
F. Alibaba  Cloud 
 
 
 
Question  #184 Topic 1 
 
What Snowflake  role must be granted  for a user to create and manage  accounts?  
 
A. ACCOUNTADMIN  
B. ORGADMIN  
C. SECURITYADMIN  
D. SYSADMIN  Question  #185 Topic 1 
 
Assume there is a table consisting of  five micro -partitions with values ranging from A to Z.  
Which  diagram  indicates  a well-clustered  table? 
 
A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Question  #186 Topic 1 
 
What feature  can be used to reorganize  a very large table on one or more columns?  
 
A. Micro-partitions  
B. Clustering  keys 
C. Key partitions  
D. Clustered  partitions  Question  #187 Topic 1 
 
What is an advantage  of using an explain  plan instead  of the query profiler to evaluate  the performance  of a query? 
 
A. The explain  plan output is available  graphically.  
B. An explain  plan can be used to conduct  performance  analysis  without  executing  a query. 
C. An explain  plan will handle queries  with temporary  tables and the query profiler will not. 
D. An explain  plan's output will display automatic  data skew optimization  information.  
 
 
 
Question  #188 Topic 1 
 
Which data types are supported  by Snowflake  when using semi-structured  data? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. VARIANT  
B. VARRAY  
C. STRUCT  
D. ARRAY  
E. QUEUE  
 
 
 
Question  #189 Topic 1 
 
Why does Snowflake  recommend  file sizes of 100-250 MB compressed  when loading  data? 
 
A. Optimizes  the virtual warehouse  size and multi-cluster setting to economy  mode 
B. Allows a user to import the files in a sequential  order 
C. Increases  the latency  staging and accuracy  when loading  the data 
D. Allows optimization  of parallel  operations  
 
 
 
Question  #190 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  features  are available  with the Snowflake  Enterprise  edition?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Database  replication  and failover  
B. Automated  index management  
C. Customer  managed  keys (Tri-secret secure)  
D. Extended  time travel 
E. Native support  for geospatial  data Question  #191 Topic 1 
 
What is the default  file size when unloading  data from Snowflake  using the COPY command?  
 
A. 5 MB 
B. 8 GB 
C. 16 MB 
D. 32 MB 
 
 
 
Question  #192 Topic 1 
 
What features that are part of the Continuous Data Protection (CDP) feature set in Snowflake  do not require additional con figuration?  
(Choose  two.) 
 
A. Row level access policies  
B. Data masking  policies  
C. Data encryption  
D. Time Travel 
E. External  tokenization  
 
 
 
Question  #193 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  layer is always leveraged  when accessing  a query from the result cache? 
 
A. Metadata  
B. Data Storage  
C. Compute  
D. Cloud Services  
 
 
 
Question  #194 – Old question - Ignore  Topic 1 
 
Which connectors  are available  in the downloads  section of the Snowflake  web interface  (UI)? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. SnowSQL  
B. JDBC 
C. ODBC 
D. HIVE 
E. Scala  
Question  #195 Topic 1 
 
A Snowflake  Administrator needs to ensure that sensitive corporate data in Snowflake  tables is not visible to end users, but is partially  
visible to functional managers.  
 
How can this requirement  be met? 
 
A. Use data encryption.  
B. Use dynamic  data masking.  
C. Use secure materialized  views. 
D. Revoke all roles for functional  managers  and end users. 
 
 
 
Question  #196 Topic 1 
 
Users are responsible  for data storage  costs until what occurs? 
 
A. Data expires from Time Travel 
B. Data expires from Fail-safe 
C. Data is deleted  from a table 
D. Data is truncated  from a table 
 
 
 
Question  #197 Topic 1 
 
A user has an application that writes a new  file to a cloud storage location every 5 minutes. 
What would  be the MOST efficient way to get the files into Snowflake ? 
A. Create a task that runs a COPY INTO operation  from an external  stage every 5 minutes.  
B. Create a task that PUTS the files in an internal  stage and automate  the data loading  wizard.  
C. Create a task that runs a GET operation  to intermittently  check for new files. 
D. Set up cloud provider  notifications on the file location  and use Snowpipe  with auto-ingest. 
 
 
 
Question  #198 Topic 1 
 
What affects whether  the query results cache can be used? 
 
A. If the query contains  a deterministic  function  
B. If the virtual warehouse  has been suspended  
C. If the referenced  data in the table has changed  
D. If multiple  users are using the same virtual warehouse   
Question  #199 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following is an example of an operation that can be completed without requiring compute, assuming no queries hav e been 
executed  previously?  
 
A. SELECT  SUM (ORDER_AMT)  FROM SALES; 
B. SELECT  AVG(ORDER_QTY)  FROM SALES; 
C. SELECT  MIN(ORDER_AMT)  FROM SALES; 
D. SELECT  ORDER_AMT  * ORDER_QTY  FROM SALES; 
 
 
 
Question  #200 Topic 1 
 
How many days is load history for Snowpipe  retained?  
 
A. 1 day 
B. 7 days 
C. 14 days 
D. 64 days 
 
 
 
Question  #201 Topic 1 
 
What Snowflake  features  allow virtual warehouses  to handle high concurrency  workloads?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The ability to scale up warehouses  
B. The use of warehouse  auto scaling 
C. The ability  to resize warehouses  
D. Use of multi-clustered  warehouses  
E. The use of warehouse  indexing  
 
 
 
Question  #202 Topic 1 
 
Which COPY INTO command  outputs  the data into one file? 
 
A. SINGLE=TRUE  
B. MAX_FILE_NUMBER=1  
C. FILE_NUMBER=1  
D. MULTIPLE=FALSE  Question  #203 Topic 1 
 
In which  scenarios  would  a user have to pay Cloud Services  costs?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Compute  Credits = 50 Credits Cloud Services  = 10 
B. Compute  Credits = 80 Credits Cloud Services  = 5 
C. Compute  Credits = 100 Credits Cloud Services  = 9 
D. Compute  Credits = 120 Credits Cloud Services  = 10 
E. Compute  Credits = 200 Credits Cloud Services  = 26 
 
 
 
Question  #204 Topic 1 
 
A user created a new worksheet within the Snowsight  UI and wants to share this with teammates.  
How can this worksheet be shared?  
A. Create a zero-copy clone of the worksheet  and grant permissions  to teammates.  
B. Create a private Data Exchange  so that any teammate  can use the worksheet.  
C. Share the worksheet  with teammates  within Snowsight . 
D. Create a database  and grant all permissions  to teammates.  
 
 
 
Question  #205 Topic 1 
 
How can a row access policy be applied  to a table or a view? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Within  the policy  DDL 
B. Within  the create  table or create  view DDL 
C. By future APPLY for all objects  in a schema  
D. Within  a control table 
E. Using the command  ALTER [object]  ADD ROW ACCESS  POLICY [policy];  
 
 
 
Question  #206 Topic 1 
 
Which  command  can be used to load data files into a Snowflake  stage? 
 
A. JOIN 
B. COPY INTO 
C. PUT 
D. GET Question  #207 Topic 1 
 
What types of data listings are available  in the Snowflake  Data Marketplace?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Reader  
B. Consumer  
C. Vendor  
D. Standard  
E. Personalized  
 
 
 
Question  #208 Topic 1 
 
What is the maximum  Time Travel retention  period for a temporary  Snowflake  table? 
 
A. 90 days 
B. 1 day 
C. 7 days 
D. 45 days 
 
 
 
Question  #209 Topic 1 
 
When should a multi-cluster warehouse  be used in auto-scaling mode? 
 
A. When it is unknown  how much compute  power is needed  
B. If the select statement  contains  a large number  of temporary  tables or Common  Table Expressions  (CTEs) 
C. If the runtime  of the executed  query is very slow 
D. When a large number  of concurrent  queries  are run on the same warehouse  
 
 
 
Question  #210 Topic 1 
 
What happens  when a cloned table is replicated  to a secondary  database?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. A read-only copy of the cloned tables is stored. 
B. The replication  will not be successful.  
C. The physical  data is replicated.  
D. Additional  costs for storage  are charged  to a secondary  account.  
E. Metadata  pointers  to cloned tables are replicated.  Question  #211 Topic 1 
 
Snowflake  supports  the use of external  stages with which cloud platforms?  (Choose  three.) 
 
A. Amazon  Web Services  
B. Docker  
C. IBM Cloud 
D. Microsoft  Azure Cloud 
E. Google Cloud Platform  
F. Oracle  Cloud 
 
 
 
Question  #212 Topic 1 
 
What is a limitation  of a Materialized  View? 
 
A. A Materialized  View cannot support  any aggregate  functions  
B. A Materialized  View can only reference  up to two tables 
C. A Materialized  View cannot be joined with other tables 
D. A Materialized  View cannot be defined with a JOIN 
 
 
 
Question  #213 Topic 1 
 
In the Snowflake  access control model, which entity owns an object by default?  
 
A. The user who created  the object 
B. The SYSADMIN  role 
C. Ownership  depends  on the type of object 
D. The role used to create the object 
 
 
 
Question  #214 Topic 1 
 
What is the minimum  Snowflake  edition required  to use Dynamic  Data Masking?  
 
A. Standard  
B. Enterprise  
C. Business  Critical  
D. Virtual Private SnowflakeQuestion  #215 Topic 1 
 
Which  services  does the Snowflake  Cloud Services  layer manage?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Compute  resources  
B. Query execution  
C. Authentication  
D. Data storage  
E. Metadata  
 
 
 
Question  #216 Topic 1 
 
A company  needs to allow some users to see Personally  Identifiable Information  (PII) while limiting  other users from seeing the full 
value of the PII. 
 
Which Snowflake  feature  will support  this? 
 
A. Row access policies  
B. Data masking  policies  
C. Data encryption  
D. Role based access control  
 
 
 
Question  #217 Topic 1 
 
A user has unloaded  data from a Snowflake  table to an external  stage. 
 
Which command  can be used to verify if data has been uploaded  to the external  stage named my_stage?  
 
A. view @my_stage  
B. list @my_stage  
C. show @my_stage  
D. display @my_stage  
 
 
 
Question  #218 Topic 1 
 
Which tasks are performed  in the Snowflake  Cloud Services  layer? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Management  of metadata  
B. Computing  the data 
C. Maintaining  Availability  Zones 
D. Infrastructure  security  
E. Parsing and optimizing  queries Question  #219 Topic 1 
 
What is true about sharing data in Snowflake ? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The Data Consumer  pays for data storage  as well as for data computing.  
B. The shared data is copied into the Data Consumer  account,  so the Consumer  can modify it without  impacting  the base data of 
the Provider.  
C. A Snowflake  account  can both provide  and consume  shared data. 
D. The Provider  is charged  for compute  resources  used by the Data Consumer  to query the shared data. 
E. The Data Consumer  pays only for compute  resources  to query the shared data. 
 
 
 
Question  #220 Topic 1 
 
The following  JSON is stored in a VARIANT  column  called  src of the CAR_SALES  table: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A user needs to extract the dealership information from the JSON. 
How can this be accomplished?  
A. select src:dealership  from car_sales;  
B. select src.dealership  from car_sales;  
C. select src:Dealership  from car_sales;  
D. select dealership  from car_sales;  
 
 
 
Question  #221 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  significantly improves  the performance  of selective  point lookup queries  on a table? 
 
A. Clustering  
B. Materialized  Views 
C. Zero-copy Cloning  
D. Search Optimization  Service Question  #222 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  accurately  describes  shares? 
 
A. Tables,  secure views, and secure UDFs can be shared 
B. Shares  can be shared 
C. Data consumers  can clone a new table from a share 
D. Access to a share cannot be revoked  once granted  
 
 
 
Question  #223 Topic 1 
 
What are best practice  recommendations  for using the ACCOUNTADMIN  system -defined role in Snowflake  ? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Ensure all ACCOUNTADMIN  roles use Multi-factor Authentication  (MFA). 
B. All users granted  ACCOUNTADMIN  role must be owned  by the ACCOUNTADMIN  role. 
C. The ACCOUNTADMIN  role must be granted  to only one user. 
D. Assign the ACCOUNTADMIN  role to at least two users, but as few as possible.  
E. All users granted  ACCOUNTADMIN  role must also be granted  SECURITYADMIN  role. 
 
 
 
Question  #224 Topic 1 
 
In the query pro filer view for a query, which components represent areas that can be used to help optimize query performance? (Choose  
two.) 
 
A. Bytes scanned  
B. Bytes sent over the network  
C. Number  of partitions  scanned  
D. Percentage  scanned  from cache 
E. External  bytes scanned  
 
 
 
Question  #225 Topic 1 
 
What is the minimum  Snowflake  edition required  for row level security?  
 
A. Standard  
B. Enterprise  
C. Business  Critical  
D. Virtual Private Snowflake   Question  #226 Topic 1 
 
What is the minimum  Fail-safe retention  time period for transient  tables? 
 
A. 1 day 
B. 7 days 
C. 12 hours 
D. 0 days 
 
 
 
Question  #227 Topic 1 
 
What is a machine  learning  and data science  partner  within the Snowflake  Partner  Ecosystem?  
 
A. Informatica  
B. Power BI 
C. Adobe  
D. Data Robot 
 
 
 
Question  #228 Topic 1 
 
Which statements  are correct  concerning  the leveraging  of third-party data from the Snowflake  Data Marketplace?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Data is live, ready-to-query, and can be personalized.  
B. Data needs to be loaded into a cloud provider  as a consumer  account.  
C. Data is not available  for copying  or moving to an individual  Snowflake  account.  
D. Data is available  without  copying  or moving.  
E. Data transformations  are required  when combining  Data Marketplace  datasets  with existing  data in Snowflake . 
 
 
 
Question  #229 Topic 1 
 
What impacts  the credit consumption  of maintaining  a materialized  view? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Whether  or not it is also a secure view 
B. How often the underlying  base table is queried  
C. How often the base table changes  
D. Whether  the materialized  view has a cluster key defined 
E. How often the materialized  view is queried  Question  #230 Topic 1 
 
What COPY INTO SQL command  should be used to unload data into multiple  files? 
 
A. SINGLE=TRUE  
B. MULTIPLE=TRUE  
C. MULTIPLE=FALSE  
D. SINGLE=FALSE  
 
 
 
Question  #231 Topic 1 
 
When cloning a database containing stored procedures and regular views, that have fully quali fied table references, which of the 
following  will occur?  
 
A. The cloned views and the stored procedures  will reference  the cloned tables in the cloned database.  
B. An error will occur, as views with qualified references  cannot be cloned.  
C. An error will occur, as stored objects  cannot be cloned.  
D. The stored procedures  and views will refer to tables in the source database.  
 
 
 
Question  #232 Topic 1 
 
When loading  data into Snowflake , how should the data be organized?  
 
A. Into single  files with 100-250 MB of compressed  data per file 
B. Into single  files with 1-100 MB of compressed  data per file 
C. Into files of maximum  size of 1 GB of compressed  data per file 
D. Into files of maximum  size of 4 GB of compressed  data per file 
 
 
 
Question  #233 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  objects  can be directly  restored  using the UNDROP  command?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Schema  
B. View 
C. Internal  stage 
D. Table 
E. User 
F. Role Question  #234 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  SQL statement  would be used to determine  which users and roles have access to a role called MY_ROLE?  
 
A. SHOW  GRANTS  OF ROLE MY_ROLE  
B. SHOW  GRANTS  TO ROLE MY_ROLE  
C. SHOW  GRANTS  FOR ROLE MY_ROLE  
D. SHOW GRANTS  ON ROLE MY_ROLE  
 
 
 
Question  #235 Topic 1 
 
What is the MINIMUM  edition of Snowflake  that is required  to use a SCIM security  integration?  
 
A. Business  Critical  Edition  
B. Standard  Edition  
C. Virtual Private Snowflake  (VPS) 
D. Enterprise  Edition  
 
 
 
Question  #236 Topic 1 
 
A user created a transient table and made several changes to it over the course of several days. Three days after the table was created,  
the user would  like to go back to the first version  of the table. 
 
How can this be accomplished?  
 
A. Use Time Travel, as long as DATA_RETENTION_TIME_IN_DAYS  was set to at least 3 days. 
B. The transient  table version cannot be retrieved  after 24 hours. 
C. Contact  Snowflake  Support  to have the data retrieved  from Fail-safe storage.  
D. Use the FAIL_SAFE  parameter  for Time Travel to retrieve  the data from Fail-safe storage.  
 
 
 
Question  #237 Topic 1 
 
When reviewing the load for a warehouse using the load monitoring chart, the chart indicates that a high volume of queries is  always 
queuing in the warehouse.  
 
According  to recommended  best practice,  what should be done to reduce the queue volume?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Use multi-clustered  warehousing  to scale out warehouse  capacity.  
B. Scale up the warehouse  size to allow queries  to execute  faster. 
C. Stop and start the warehouse  to clear the queued  queries.  
D. Migrate  some queries  to a new warehouse  to reduce load. 
E. Limit user access to the warehouse  so fewer queries  are run against it. Question  #238 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following features, associated with Continuous Data Protection (CDP), require additional Snowflake  -provided data  
storage?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Tri-Secret Secure 
B. Time Travel 
C. Fail-safe 
D. Data encryption  
E. External  stages  
 
 
 
Question  #239 Topic 1 
 
Where can a user find and review the failed logins of a specific user for the past 30 days? 
 
A. The USERS view in ACCOUNT_USAGE  
B. The LOGIN_HISTORY  view in ACCOUNT_USAGE  
C. The ACCESS_HISTORY  view in ACCOUNT_USAGE  
D. The SESSIONS  view in ACCOUNT_USAGE  
 
 
 
Question  #240 Topic 1 
 
What is the purpose  of an External  Function?  
 
A. To call code that executes  outside  of Snowflake   
B. To run a function  in another  Snowflake  database  
C. To share data in Snowflake  with external  parties 
D. To ingest data from on-premises  data sources  
 
 
 
Question  #241 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  statements  apply to Snowflake  in terms of security?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Snowflake  leverages  a Role-Based  Access  Control  (RBAC)  model.  
B. Snowflake  requires  a user to configure an IAM user to connect  to the database.  
C. All data in Snowflake  is encrypted.  
D. Snowflake  can run within a user's own Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). 
E. All data in Snowflake  is compressed.   
Question  #242 Topic 1 
 
A single user of a virtual warehouse  has set the warehouse  to auto-resume  and auto-suspend  after 10 minutes. The  warehouse  is 
currently  suspended  and the user performs  the following  actions:  
 
1. Runs a query that takes 3 minutes  to complete  
2. Leaves for 15 minutes  
3. Returns  and runs a query that takes 10 seconds  to complete  
4. Manually suspends the warehouse as soon as the last query was completed 
When the user returns, how much billable compute time will have been consumed?  
A. 4 minutes  
B. 10 minutes  
C. 14 minutes  
D. 24 minutes  
 
 
 
Question  #243 Topic 1 
 
What can be used to view warehouse  usage over time? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The LOAD HISTORY  view 
B. The query history view 
C. The SHOW WAREHOUSES  command  
D. The WAREHOUSE_METERING_HISTORY  view 
E. The billing and usage tab in the Snowflake  web UI 
 
 
 
Question  #244 Topic 1 
 
What actions will prevent  leveraging  of the ResultSet  cache? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Removing  a column  from the query SELECT  list 
B. Stopping  the virtual warehouse  that the query is running  against 
C. Clustering  of the data used by the query 
D. Executing  the RESULTS_SCAN()  table function  
E. Changing  a column  that is not in the cached query 
 
 
 
Question  #245 Topic 1 
 
Which statement  is true about running  tasks in Snowflake ? 
 
A. A task can be called using a CALL statement  to run a set of predefined SQL commands.  
B. A task allows a user to execute  a single SQL statement/command  using a predefined schedule.  
C. A task allows a user to execute  a set of SQL commands  on a predefined schedule.  
D. A task can be executed  using a SELECT  statement  to run a predefined SQL command.  Question  #246 Topic 1 
 
Which data types does Snowflake  support  when querying  semi-structured  data? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. VARIANT  
B. VARCHAR  
C. XML 
D. ARRAY  
E. BLOB 
 
 
 
Question  #247 Topic 1 
 
In an auto-scaling multi-cluster virtual warehouse  with the setting SCALING_POLICY  = ECONOMY  enabled,  when is another  cluster 
started?  
 
A. When the system has enough  load for 2 minutes  
B. When the system has enough  load for 6 minutes  
C. When the system has enough  load for 8 minutes  
D. When the system has enough  load for 10 minutes  
 
 
 
Question  #248 Topic 1 
 
What is the following SQL command used for? 
Select  * from table(validate(t1,  job_id  => '_last'));  
A. To validate  external  table files in table t1 across all sessions  
B. To validate  task SQL statements  against table t1 in the last 14 days 
C. To validate  a file for errors before it gets executed  using a COPY command  
D. To return errors from the last executed  COPY command  into table t1 in the current  session 
 
 
 
Question  #249 Topic 1 
 
A sales table FCT_SALES  has 100 million  records. 
The following query was executed:  
SELECT  COUNT  (1) FROM FCT_SALES;  
 
How did Snowflake  fulfill this query? 
 
A. Query against the result set cache 
B. Query against a virtual warehouse  cache 
C. Query against the most-recently  created  micro-partition  
D. Query against the metadata  cache Question  #250 Topic 1 
 
What happens  when a virtual warehouse  is resized?  
 
A. When increasing the size of an active warehouse the compute  resource for all running and queued queries on the warehouse are  
affected.  
B. When reducing the size of a warehouse the compute resources are removed only when they are no longer being used to execute  
any current statements.  
C. The warehouse will be suspended while the new compute resource is provisioned and will resume automatically once  
provisioning  is complete.  
D. Users who are trying to use the warehouse  will receive  an error message  until the resizing  is complete.  
 
 
 
Question  #251 Topic 1 
 
What tasks can be completed  using the COPY command?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Columns  can be aggregated.  
B. Columns  can be joined with an existing  table. 
C. Columns  can be reordered.  
D. Columns  can be omitted.  
E. Data can be loaded without  the need to spin up a virtual warehouse.  
 
 
 
Question  #252 Topic 1 
 
Which  Snowflake  layer can be configured? 
 
A. Database  Storage  
B. Cloud Services  
C. Query Processing  
D. Application  Services  
 
 
 
Question  #253 Topic 1 
 
Query compilation  occurs in which architecture  layer of the Snowflake  Cloud Data Platform?  
 
A. Compute  layer 
B. Storage  layer 
C. Cloud infrastructure  layer 
D. Cloud services  layer Question  #254 Topic 1 
 
If a size Small virtual warehouse  is made up of two servers,  how many servers make up a Large warehouse?  
 
A. 4 
B. 8 
C. 16 
D. 32 
 
 
 
Question  #255 Topic 1 
 
A clustering key was de fined on a table, but it is no longer needed. 
How can the key be removed?  
A. ALTER  TABLE  [TABLE  NAME]  PURGE  CLUSTERING  KEY 
B. ALTER  TABLE  [TABLE  NAME]  DELETE  CLUSTERING  KEY 
C. ALTER  TABLE  [TABLE  NAME]  DROP CLUSTERING  KEY 
D. ALTER  TABLE  [TABLE  NAME]  REMOVE  CLUSTERING  KEY 
 
 
 
Question  #256 Topic 1 
 
What is a core benefit of clustering?  
 
A. To guarantee  uniquely  identifiable records  in the database  
B. To increase  scan efficiency  in queries  by improving  pruning  
C. To improve  performance  by creating  a separate  file for point lookups  
D. To provide  data redundancy  by duplicating  micro-partitions  
 
 
 
Question  #257 Topic 1 
 
Which statement  is true about Multi-Factor Authentication  (MFA) in Snowflake ? 
 
A. MFA can be enforced  or applied  for a given role. 
B. Snowflake  users are automatically  enrolled  in MFA. 
C. Users enroll in MFA by submitting  a request  to Snowflake  Support.  
D. MFA is an integrated  Snowflake  feature.  Question  #258 Topic 1 
 
What data type should be used to store JSON data natively  in Snowflake ? 
 
A. JSON 
B. String 
C. Object  
D. VARIANT  
 
 
 
Question  #259 Topic 1 
 
What should be considered  when deciding  to use a Secure View? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. No details of the query execution  plan will be available  in the query profiler. 
B. Once created  there is no way to determine  if a view is secure or not. 
C. Secure views do not take advantage  of the same internal  optimizations  as standard  views. 
D. It is not possible  to create secure materialized  views. 
E. The view definition of a secure view is still visible to users by way of the information  schema.  
 
 
 
Question  #260 Topic 1 
 
The information  schema  provides  storage  information  for which of the following  objects?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Users 
B. Databases  
C. Internal  stages  
D. Resource  monitors  
E. Pipes 
 
 
 
Question  #261 Topic 1 
 
What is a responsibility  of Snowflake ’s virtual warehouses?  
 
A. Infrastructure  management  
B. Metadata  management  
C. Query execution  
D. Query parsing and optimization  
E. Management  of the storage  layer Question  #262 Topic 1 
 
Which  data type is supported  by Snowflake  data classification?  
 
A. Binary 
B. Float 
C. Geography  
D. Variant  
 
 
 
Question  #263 Topic 1 
 
When unloading  data to an external  stage, which compression  format can be used for Parquet  files with the COPY INTO command?  
 
A. BROTLI  
B. GZIP 
C. LZO 
D. ZSTD 
 
 
 
Question  #264 Topic 1 
 
Which SQL command  can be used to verify the privileges  that are granted  to a role? 
 
A. SHOW GRANTS  ON ROLE 
B. SHOW ROLES  
C. SHOW  GRANTS  TO ROLE 
D. SHOW GRANTS  FOR ROLE 
 
 
 
Question  #265 Topic 1 
 
Which Query Profile result indicates  that a warehouse  is sized too small? 
 
A. There are a lot of filter nodes. 
B. Bytes are spilling to external  storage.  
C. The number  of processed  rows is very high. 
D. The number  of partitions  scanned  is the same as partitions  total. 
 
 
 
Question  #266 Topic 1 
 
What is the default  Time Travel  retention  period? 
 
A. 1 day 
B. 7 days 
C. 45 days 
D. 90 days  
  
  
                   
        
     
        
           
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
            
              
         
         
              Question  #270 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  partner  category  is represented  at the top of this diagram  (labeled  1)? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A. Business  Intelligence  
B. Machine  Learning  and Data Science  
C. Security  and Governance  
D. Data Integration  
 
 
 
Question  #271 Topic 1 
 
Which object types are protected  by Fail-safe? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Permanent  Tables  
B. Temporary  Tables  
C. External  Tables  
D. Materialized  Views 
E. Transient  Tables  
 
 
 
Question  #272 Topic 1 
 
Snowflake  's approach  to the management  of system  access  combines  which  of the following  models?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Security  Assertion  Markup Language  (SAML) 
B. Role-Based  Access  Control  (RBAC)  
C. Identity  Access Management  (AM) 
D. Create, Read, Update,  and Delete (CRUD) 
E. Discretionary  Access Control  (DAC) 
F. Mandatory  Access  Control  (MAC) Question  #273 Topic 1 
 
According  to Snowflake  best practice  recommendations,  which role should be used to create databases?  
 
A. ACCOUNTADMIN  
B. SYSADMIN  
C. SECURITYADMIN  
D. USERADMIN  
 
 
 
Question  #274 Topic 1 
 
To add or remove  search optimization  for a table, a user must have which of the following  privileges  or roles? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The MODIFY  privilege  on the table 
B. The OWNERSHIP  privilege  on the table 
C. A SECURITYADMIN  role 
D. The ADD SEARCH  OPTIMIZATION  privilege  on the schema  that contains  the table 
E. The SELECT  privilege  on the table 
 
 
 
Question  #275 Topic 1 
 
While using a COPY command  with a Validation_mode  parameter,  which of the following  statements  will return an error? 
 
A. Statements  that insert a duplicate  record during a load 
B. Statements  that have a specific data type in the source 
C. Statements  that have duplicate  file names 
D. Statements  that transform  data during a load 
 
 
 
Question  #276 Topic 1 
 
When is the result set cache no longer available?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. When another  warehouse  is used to execute  the query 
B. When another  user executes  the query 
C. When the underlying  data has changed  
D. When the warehouse  used to execute  the query is suspended  
E. When it has been 24 hours since the last query Question  #277 Topic 1 
 
What is the recommended  file sizing for data loading  using Snowpipe ? 
 
A. A compressed  file size greater  than 100 MB, and up to 250 MB 
B. A compressed  file size greater  than 100 GB, and up to 250 GB 
C. A compressed  file size greater  than 10 MB, and up to 100 MB 
D. A compressed  file size greater  than 1 GB, and up to 2 GB 
 
 
 
Question  #278 Topic 1 
 
Which statements  are true concerning  Snowflake ’s underlying  cloud infrastructure?  (Choose  three.) 
 
A. Snowflake  data and services  are deployed  in a single availability  zone within a cloud provider’s  region. 
B. Snowflake data and services are available in a single cloud provider and a single region; the use of multiple cloud providers  is not 
supported.  
C. Snowflake can be deployed in a customer’s private cloud using the customer’s own compute and storage resources for  
Snowflake  compute  and storage.  
D. Snowflake  uses the core compute  and storage  services  of each cloud provider  for its own compute  and storage.  
E. All three layers of Snowflake ’s architecture (storage, compute, and cloud services) are deployed and managed entirely on a 
selected cloud platform.  
F. Snowflake  data and services  are deployed  in at least three availability  zones within a cloud provider’s  region. 
 
 
 
Question  #279 Topic 1 
 
A user unloaded  a Snowflake  table called  mytable  to an internal  stage called  mystage. 
Which command  can be used to view the list of files that has been uploaded  to the stage? 
A. list @mytable;  
B. list @%mytable;  
C. list @%mystage;  
D. list @mystage;  
 
 
 
Question  #280 Topic 1 
 
What is a best practice  after creating  a custom role? 
 
A. Create the custom role using the SYSADMIN  role. 
B. Assign  the custom  role to the SYSADMIN  role. 
C. Assign the custom role to the PUBLIC role. 
D. Add _CUSTOM  to all custom role names.  
Question  #281 Topic 1 
 
Which is the MINIMUM  required  Snowflake  edition that a user must have if they want to use AWS/Azure  Privatelink  or Google Cloud 
Private  Service  Connect?  
 
A. Standard  
B. Premium  
C. Enterprise  
D. Business  Critical  
 
 
 
Question  #282 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  query profiler variables  will indicate  that a virtual warehouse  is not sized correctly  for the query being executed?  
 
A. Bytes sent over the network  
B. Synchronization  
C. Initialization  
D. Remote  spillage  
 
 
 
Question  #283 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  Snowflake  capabilities  are available  in all Snowflake  editions?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Customer -managed  encryption  keys through  Tri-Secret Secure 
B. Automatic  encryption  of all data 
C. Up to 90 days of data recovery  through  Time Travel 
D. Object -level access control 
E. Column -level security  to apply data masking  policies  to tables and views 
 
 
 
Question  #284 Topic 1 
 
A PUT command  can be used to stage local files from which  Snowflake  interface?  
 
A. SnowSQL  
B. Snowflake  classic  web interface  (UI) 
C. Snowsight  
D. .NET driver Question  #285 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  indicates  that it may be appropriate  to use a clustering  key for a table? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The table contains  a column  that has very low cardinality.  
B. DML statements  that are being issued against the table are blocked.  
C. The table has a small number  of micro-partitions.  
D. Queries  on the table are running  slower than expected.  
E. The clustering  depth for the table is large. 
 
 
 
Question  #286 Topic 1 
 
Which cache type is used to cache data output from SQL queries?  
 
A. Metadata  cache 
B. Result cache 
C. Remote  cache 
D. Local file cache 
 
 
 
Question  #287 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  describes  how clustering  keys work in Snowflake ? 
 
A. Clustering  keys update the micro-partitions  in place with a full sort, and impact the DML operations.  
B. Clustering  keys sort the designated  columns  over time, without  blocking  DML operations.  
C. Clustering  keys create a distributed,  parallel  data structure  of pointers  to a table's rows and columns.  
D. Clustering  keys establish  a hashed key on each node of a virtual warehouse  to optimize  joins at run-time. 
 
 
 
Question  #288 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  operations  require  the use of a running  virtual warehouse?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Downloading  data from an internal  stage 
B. Listing  files in a stage 
C. Executing  a stored procedure  
D. Altering  a table 
E. Querying  data from a materialized  view Question  #289 Topic 1 
 
What is used to limit the credit usage of a virtual warehouse  within a Snowflake  account?  
 
A. Load monitor  
B. Resource  monitor  
C. Query  Profile 
D. Stream  
 
 
 
Question  #290 Topic 1 
 
What are the benefits of the replication  feature  in Snowflake  ? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Disaster  recovery  
B. Time Travel 
C. Fail-safe 
D. Database  failover  and failback  
E. Data security  
 
 
 
Question  #291 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  roles are recommended  to create and manage  users and roles? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. SYSADMIN  
B. SECURITYADMIN  
C. PUBLIC  
D. ACCOUNTADMIN  
E. USERADMIN  
 
 
 
Question  #292 Topic 1 
 
When can a newly configured virtual warehouse  start running  SQL queries?  
 
A. After 50% of the warehouse  provisioning  has completed  
B. During the time slots defined by the ACCOUNTADMIN  
C. When the warehouse  provisioning  is completed  
D. After the warehouse  replication  is completed  Question  #293 Topic 1 
 
What actions will prevent  leveraging  of the ResultSet  cache? 
 
A. Removing  a column  from the query SELECT  list 
B. Stopping  the virtual warehouse  that the query is running  against 
C. If the result has not been reused within the last 12 hours 
D. Executing  the RESULTS_SCAN()  table function  
 
 
 
Question  #294 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  are benefits of micro-partitioning?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Micro-partitions  cannot overlap  in their range of values. 
B. Micro-partitions  are immutable  objects  that support  the use of Time Travel. 
C. Micro-partitions  can reduce the amount  of I/O from object storage  to virtual warehouses.  
D. Rows are automatically  stored in sorted order within micro-partitions.  
E. Micro-partitions  can be defined on a schema -by-schema  basis. 
 
 
 
Question  #295 Topic 1 
 
Which data type can be used to store geospatial  data in Snowflake ? 
 
A. Variant  
B. Object  
C. Geometry  
D. Geography  
 
 
 
Question  #296 Topic 1 
 
If all virtual warehouse resources are maximized while processing a query workload, what will happen to new queries that are  
submitted to the warehouse?  
 
A. All queries  will terminate  when the resources  are maximized.  
B. The warehouse  will scale out automatically  
C. The warehouse  will move to a suspended  state. 
D. New queries  will be queued  and executed  when capacity  is available.  Question  #297 Topic 1 
 
Masking  policies  can be applied  to which of the following  Snowflake  objects?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. A materialized  view 
B. A stored procedure  
C. A table 
D. A stream  
E. A pipe 
F. A User-Defined  Function  (UDF) 
 
 
 
Question  #298 Topic 1 
 
What actions are supported  by Snowflake  resource  monitors?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Alert 
B. Notify 
C. Notify and suspend  
D. Abort 
E. Suspend  immediately  
 
 
 
Question  #299 Topic 1 
 
A user executes  the following  SQL query: 
 
create table SALES_BKP  like SALES; 
 
What are the cost implications  for processing  this query? 
 
A. Processing  costs will be generated  based on how long the query takes. 
B. Storage  costs will be generated  based on the size of the data. 
C. No costs will be incurred  as the query will use metadata.  
D. The cost for running  the virtual warehouse  will be charged  by the second.  
 
 
 
Question  #300 Topic 1 
 
What is the maximum  length of time travel available  in the Snowflake  Standard  Edition?  
 
A. 1 Day 
B. 7 Days 
C. 30 Days 
D. 90 Days Question  #301 Topic 1 
 
What happens  when an external  or an internal  stage is dropped?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. When dropping  an external  stage, the files are not removed  and only the stage is dropped.  
B. When dropping  an external  stage, both the stage and the files within the stage are removed.  
C. When dropping  an internal  stage, the files are deleted  with the stage and the files are recoverable.  
D. When dropping  an internal  stage, the files are deleted  with the stage and the files are not recoverable.  
E. When dropping  an internal  stage, only selected  files are deleted  with the stage and are not recoverable.  
 
 
 
Question  #302 Topic 1 
 
A user has 10 files in a stage containing  new customer  data. The  ingest operation  completes  with no errors, using the following 
command:  
 
COPY INTO my_table  FROM @my_stage;  
 
The next day the user adds 10  files to the stage so that now the stage contains a mixture of new customer data and updates to the  
previous  data. The user did not remove  the 10 original  files. 
 
If the user runs the same COPY INTO command  what will happen?  
 
A. All data from all of the files on the stage will be appended  to the table. 
B. Only data about new customers  from the new files will be appended  to the table. 
C. The operation  will fail with the error UNCERTAIN  FILES IN STAGE. 
D. All data from only the newly-added  files will be appended  to the table. 
 
 
 
Question  #303 Topic 1 
 
Which parameter  can be used to instruct  a COPY command  to verify data files instead  of loading  them into a specified table? 
 
A. STRIP_NULL_VALUES  
B. SKIP_BYTE_ORDER_MARK  
C. REPLACE_INVALID_CHARACTERS  
D. VALIDATION_MODE  
 
 
 
Question  #304 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  SQL statements  will list the version of the drivers currently  being used? 
 
A. Execute  SELECT CURRENT_ODBC_CLIENT();  from the Web UI 
B. Execute  SELECT  CURRENT_JDBC_VERSION();  from SnowSQL  
C. Execute  SELECT  CURRENT_CLIENT();  from an application  
D. Execute  SELECT  CURRENT_VERSION();  from the Python Connector  Question  #305 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  technique  can be used to improve  the performance  of a query? 
 
A. Clustering  
B. Indexing  
C. Fragmenting  
D. Using INDEX_HINTS  
 
 
 
Question  #306 Topic 1 
 
What happens  to the shared objects  for users in a consumer  account  from a share, once a database  has been created  in that account?  
 
A. The shared objects  are transferred.  
B. The shared objects  are copied.  
C. The shared objects  become  accessible.  
D. The shared objects  can be re-shared.  
 
 
 
Question  #307 Topic 1 
 
Using variables  in Snowflake  is denoted  by using which  SQL character?  
 
A. @ 
B. & 
C. $ 
D. # 
 
 
 
Question  #308 Topic 1 
 
Which commands should be used to grant the privilege allowing a role to select data from all current tables and any tables th at will be  
created later in a schema? (Choose two.)  
 
A. grant USAGE on all tables in schema  DB1.SCHEMA  to role MYROLE;  
B. grant USAGE on future tables in schema  DB1.SCHEMA  to role MYROLE;  
C. grant SELECT  on all tables  in schema  DB1.SCHEMA  to role  MYROLE;  
D. grant SELECT  on future tables in schema  DB1.SCHEMA  to role MYROLE;  
E. grant SELECT  on all tables in database  DB1 to role MYROLE;  
F. grant SELECT  on future tables in database  DB1 to role MYROLE;  Question  #309 Topic 1 
 
How can a user change which columns  are referenced  in a view? 
 
A. Modify the columns  in the underlying  table 
B. Use the ALTER VIEW command  to update the view 
C. Recreate  the view with the required  changes  
D. Materialize  the view to perform  the changes  
 
 
 
Question  #310 Topic 1 
 
Which statement  describes  pruning?  
 
A. The filtering or disregarding  of micro-partitions  that are not needed  to return a query. 
B. The return of micro-partitions  values that overlap  with each other to reduce a query's runtime.  
C. A service that is handled  by the Snowflake  Cloud Services  layer to optimize  caching.  
D. The ability to allow the result of a query to be accessed  as if it were a table. 
 
 
 
Question  #311 Topic 1 
 
Which SQL command  can be used to see the CREATE  definition of a masking  policy? 
 
A. SHOW MASKING  POLICIES  
B. DESCRIBE  MASKING  POLICY  
C. GET_DDL  
D. LIST MASKING  POLICIES  
 
 
 
Question  #312 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  is the Snowflake  Account_Usage.Metering_History  view used for? 
 
A. Gathering  the hourly credit usage for an account  
B. Compiling  an account's  average  cloud services  cost over the previous  month 
C. Summarizing  the throughput  of Snowpipe  costs for an account  
D. Calculating  the funds left on an account's  contract  
 
 
 
Question  #313 Topic 1 
 
Query parsing and compilation  occurs in which architecture  layer of the Snowflake  Cloud Data Platform?  
 
A. Cloud services  layer 
B. Compute  layer 
C. Storage  layer 
D. Cloud agnostic  layer Question  #314 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  Snowflake  objects  can be shared using a secure share? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Materialized  views 
B. Sequences  
C. Procedures  
D. Tables  
E. Secure  User Defined Functions  (UDFs) 
 
 
 
Question  #315 Topic 1 
 
What happens  to the underlying  table data when a CLUSTER  BY clause is added to a Snowflake  table? 
 
A. Data is hashed by the cluster key to facilitate  fast searches  for common  data values 
B. Larger micro-partitions  are created  for common  data values to reduce the number  of partitions  that must be scanned  
C. Smaller  micro-partitions  are created  for common  data values to allow for more parallelism  
D. Data may be co-located  by the cluster key within the micro-partitions  to improve  pruning  performance  
 
 
 
Question  #316 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  conditions  must be met in order to return results from the results cache? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The user has the appropriate  privileges  on the objects  associated  with the query. 
B. Micro-partitions  have been reclustered  since the query was last run. 
C. The new query is run using the same virtual warehouse  as the previous  query. 
D. The query includes  a User Defined Function  (UDF). 
E. The query has been run within 24 hours of the previously run  query. 
 
 
 
Question  #317 Topic 1 
 
Which statement  about billing applies to Snowflake  credits?  
 
A. Credits  are billed per-minute  with a 60-minute  minimum.  
B. Credits are used to pay for cloud data storage  usage. 
C. Credits are consumed  based on the number  of credits billed for each hour that a warehouse  runs. 
D. Credits are consumed  based on the warehouse  size and the time the warehouse  is running.  Question  #318 Topic 1 
 
A user needs to create a materialized view in the schema MYDB.MYSCHEMA.  
Which statements will provide this access?  
A. GRANT  ROLE MYROLE  TO USER USER1;  
CREATE  MATERIALIZED  VIEW ON SCHEMA  MYDB.MYSCHEMA  TO ROLE MYROLE;  
B. GRANT  ROLE MYROLE  TO USER USER1;  
CREATE  MATERIALIZED  VIEW ON SCHEMA  MYDB.MYSCHEMA  TO USER USER1;  
C. GRANT  ROLE MYROLE  TO USER USER1;  
CREATE  MATERIALIZED  VIEW ON SCHEMA  MYDB.MYSCHEMA  TO USER1;  
D. GRANT  ROLE MYROLE  TO USER USER1;  
CREATE  MATERIALIZED  VIEW ON SCHEMA  MYDB.MYSCHEMA  TO MYROLE;  
 
 
 
Question  #319 Topic 1 
 
What is the purpose  of multi-cluster virtual warehouses?  
 
A. To create separate  data warehouses  to increase  query optimization  
B. To allow users the ability to choose the type of compute  nodes that make up a virtual warehouse  cluster 
C. To eliminate  or reduce queuing  of concurrent  queries 
D. To allow the warehouse  to resize automatically  
 
 
 
Question  #320 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  is a valid source for an external  stage when the Snowflake  account  is located  on Microsoft  Azure? 
 
A. An FTP server with TLS encryption  
B. An HTTPS server with WebDAV  
C. A Google Cloud storage  bucket 
D. A Windows  server  file share on Azure 
 
 
 
Question  #321 Topic 1 
 
Which database  objects  can be shared with the Snowflake  secure data sharing feature?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Files 
B. External  tables 
C. Secure User-Defined Functions  (UDFs) 
D. Sequences  
E. Streams  Question  #322 Topic 1 
 
Which statements  reflect key functionalities  of a Snowflake  Data Exchange?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. If an account  is enrolled  with a Data Exchange,  it will lose its access to the Snowflake  Marketplace.  
B. A Data Exchange  allows groups of accounts  to share data privately  among the accounts.  
C. A Data Exchange  allows accounts  to share data with third, non-Snowflake  parties.  
D. Data Exchange  functionality  is available  by default in accounts  using the Enterprise  edition or higher. 
E. The sharing of data in a Data Exchange  is bidirectional.  An account  can be a provider  for some datasets  and a consumer  for 
others.  
 
 
 
Question  #323 Topic 1 
 
A Snowflake  user executed a query and received the results. Another user executed the same query 4 hours later. The data had not  
changed.  
 
What will occur? 
 
A. No virtual warehouse  will be used, data will be read from the result cache. 
B. No virtual warehouse  will be used, data will be read from the local disk cache. 
C. The default  virtual warehouse  will be used to read all data. 
D. The virtual warehouse  that is defined at the session level will be used to read all data. 
 
 
 
Question  #324 Topic 1 
 
Which feature  allows a user the ability to control the organization  of data in a micro-partition?  
 
A. Range Partitioning  
B. Search Optimization  Service 
C. Automatic  Clustering  
D. Horizontal  Partitioning  
 
 
 
Question  #325 Topic 1 
 
Which privilege  must be granted  to a share to allow secure views the ability to reference  data in multiple  databases?  
 
A. CREATE_SHARE  on the account  
B. SHARE  on databases  and schemas  
C. SELECT  on tables used by the secure view 
D. REFERENCE_USAGE  on databases  Question  #326 Topic 1 
 
In which  use case does Snowflake  apply egress  charges?  
 
A. Data sharing within a specific region 
B. Query result retrieval  
C. Database  replication  
D. Loading  data into Snowflake   
 
 
 
Question  #327 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  compute  resources  or features  are managed  by Snowflake ? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Execute  a COPY command  
B. Updating  data 
C. Snowpipe  
D. AUTOMATIC_CLUSTERING  
E. Scaling  up a warehouse  
 
 
 
Question  #328 Topic 1 
 
A materialized  view should be created  when which of the following  occurs?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. There is minimal  cost associated  with running  the query. 
B. The query consumes  many compute  resources  every time it runs. 
C. The base table gets updated  frequently.  
D. The query is highly optimized  and does not consume  many compute  resources.  
E. The results of the query do not change often and are used frequently.  
 
 
 
Question  #329 Topic 1 
 
What privilege  should a user be granted  to change permissions  for new objects  in a managed  access schema?  
 
A. Grant the OWNERSHIP  privilege  on the schema.  
B. Grant the OWNERSHIP  privilege  on the database.  
C. Grant the MANAGE  GRANTS  global privilege.  
D. Grant ALL privileges  on the schema.  Question  #330 Topic 1 
 
What happens  when a Data Provider  revokes  privileges  to a share on an object in their source database?  
 
A. The object immediately  becomes  unavailable  for all Data Consumers.  
B. Any additional  data arriving  after this point in time will not be visible to Data Consumers.  
C. The Data Consumers  stop seeing data updates  and become  responsible  for storage  charges  for the object. 
D. A static copy of the object at the time the privilege  was revoked  is created  in the Data Consumers  account.  
 
 
 
Question  #331 Topic 1 
 
Which command  can be used to load data into an internal  stage? 
 
A. LOAD 
B. COPY 
C. GET 
D. PUT 
 
 
 
Question  #332 Topic 1 
 
What is the MINIMUM  Snowflake  edition required  to use the periodic  rekeying  of micro-partitions?  
 
A. Enterprise  
B. Business  Critical  
C. Standard  
D. Virtual Private Snowflake   
 
 
 
Question  #333 Topic 1 
 
Which stage type can be altered  and dropped?  
 
A. Database  stage 
B. External  stage 
C. Table stage 
D. User stage 
 
 
 
Question  #334 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  object enables  loading  data from files as soon as they are available  in a cloud storage  location?  
 
A. Pipe 
B. External  stage 
C. Task 
D. Stream  Question  #335 Topic 1 
 
A user is loading  JSON documents  composed  of a huge array containing  multiple  records  into Snowflake . The user enables  the 
STRIP_OUTER_ARRAY  file format option.  
 
What does the STRIP_OUTER_ARRAY  file format do? 
 
A. It removes  the last element  of the outer array. 
B. It removes  the outer array structure  and loads the records  into separate  table rows. 
C. It removes  the trailing  spaces in the last element  of the outer array and loads the records  into separate  table columns.  
D. It removes  the NULL elements  from the JSON object eliminating  invalid data and enables  the ability to load the records.  
 
 
 
Question  #336 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  describes  how multiple  Snowflake  accounts  in a single organization  relate to various cloud providers?  
 
A. Each Snowflake  account  can be hosted in a different  cloud vendor and region. 
B. Each Snowflake  account  must be hosted in a different  cloud vendor and region. 
C. All Snowflake  accounts  must be hosted in the same cloud vendor and region. 
D. Each Snowflake  account  can be hosted in a different  cloud vendor but  must be in the same region. 
 
 
 
Question  #337 Topic 1 
 
If a Snowflake  user decides  a table should be clustered,  what should be used as the cluster key? 
 
A. The columns  that are queried  in the select clause. 
B. The columns  with very high cardinality.  
C. The columns  with many different  values. 
D. The columns  most actively  used in the select  filters. 
 
 
 
Question  #338 Topic 1 
 
What are value types that a VARIANT  column  can store? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. STRUCT  
B. OBJECT  
C. BINARY  
D. ARRAY  
E. CLOB  
Question  #339 Topic 1 
 
A company needs to read multiple terabytes of data for an initial load as part of a Snowflake  migration. The company can control the  
number  and size of CSV extract  files. 
 
How does Snowflake  recommend  maximizing  the load performance?  
 
A. Use auto-ingest Snowpipe s to load large files in a serverless  model. 
B. Produce  the largest  files possible,  reducing  the overall number  of files to process.  
C. Produce  a larger number  of smaller  files and process  the ingestion  with size Small virtual warehouses.  
D. Use an external  tool to issue batched  row-by-row inserts within BEGIN TRANSACTION  and COMMIT  commands.  
 
 
 
Question  #340 Topic 1 
 
For non-materialized  views, what column  in Information  Schema  and Account  Usage identifes whether  a view is secure or not? 
 
A. CHECK_OPTION  
B. IS_SECURE  
C. IS_UPDATEABLE  
D. TABLE_NAME  
 
 
 
Question  #341 Topic 1 
 
The bulk data load history that is available  upon completion  of the COPY statement  is stored where and for how long? 
 
A. In the metadata  of the target  table for 14 days 
B. In the metadata  of the pipe for 14 days 
C. In the metadata  of the target  table for 64 days 
D. In the metadata  of the pipe for 64 days 
 
 
 
Question  #342 Topic 1 
 
User INQUISITIVE_PERSON has been granted the role DATA_SCIENCE.  The role DATA_SCIENCE has privileges OWNERSHIP on the 
schema MARKETING of the database ANALYTICS_DW.  
 
Which command  will show all privileges  granted  to that schema?  
 
A. SHOW GRANTS  ON ROLE DATA_SCIENCE  
B. SHOW GRANTS  ON SCHEMA  ANALYTICS_DW.MARKETING  
C. SHOW GRANTS  TO USER INQUISITIVE_PERSON  
D. SHOW  GRANTS  OF ROLE DATA_SCIENCE  Question  #343 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  are characteristics  of security  in Snowflake ? 
 
A. Account  and user authentication  is only available  with the Snowflake  Business  Critical  edition.  
B. Support  for HIPAA and GDPR compliance  is available  for UI Snowflake  editions.  
C. Periodic  rekeying  of encrypted  data is available  with the Snowflake  Enterprise  edition and higher 
D. Private communication  to internal  stages is allowed  in the Snowflake  Enterprise  edition and higher. 
 
 
 
Question  #344 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  objects  can be shared through  secure data sharing?  
 
A. Masking  policy 
B. Stored procedure  
C. Task 
D. External  table 
 
 
 
Question  #345 Topic 1 
 
Which formats  does Snowflake  store unstructured  data in? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. GeoJSON  
B. Array 
C. XML 
D. Object  
E. BLOB 
 
 
 
Question  #346 Topic 1 
 
A user is preparing  to load data from an external  stage. 
 
Which practice  will provide  the MOST efficient  loading  performance?  
 
A. Organize  files into logical  paths 
B. Store the files on the external  stage to ensure caching  is maintained  
C. Use pattern  matching  for regular expression  execution  
D. Load the data in one large file  
Question  #347 Topic 1 
 
What effect does WAIT_FOR_COMPLETION  = TRUE have when running  an ALTER WAREHOUSE  command  and changing  the warehouse 
size? 
 
A. The warehouse  size does not change until all queries  currently  running  in the warehouse  have completed.  
B. The warehouse  size does not change until all queries  currently  in the warehouse  queue have completed.  
C. The warehouse  size does not change until the warehouse  is suspended  and restarted.  
D. It does not return from the command  until the warehouse  has finished changing  its size. 
 
 
 
Question  #348 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  can be used when unloading  data from Snowflake ? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. When unloading  semi-structured  data, it is recommended  that the STRIP_OUTER_ARRAY  option be used. 
B. Use the ENCODING  file format option to change the encoding  from the default UTF-8. 
C. The OBJECT_CONSTRUCT  function  can be used to convert  relational  data to semi-structured  data. 
D. By using the SINGLE = TRUE parameter,  a single file up to 5 GB in size can be exported  to the storage  layer. 
E. Use the PARSE_JSON  function  to ensure structured  data will be unloaded  into the VARIANT  data type. 
 
 
 
Question  #349 Topic 1 
 
What data is stored in the Snowflake  storage  layer? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Snowflake  parameters  
B. Micro-partitions  
C. Query history  
D. Persisted  query results 
E. Standard  and secure view results 
 
 
 
Question  #350 Topic 1 
 
A data provider wants to share data with a consumer who does not have a Snowflake  account. The provider creates a reader account  
for the consumer following these steps:  
 
1. Created  a user called "CONSUMER"  
2. Created  a database  to hold the share and an extra-small warehouse  to query the data 
3. Granted the role PUBLIC the following privileges: Usage on the warehouse, database, and schema, and SELECT on all the objects  in 
the share 
 
Based on this configuration  what is true of the reader account?  
 
A. The reader account  will automatically  use the Standard  edition of Snowflake . 
B. The reader account  compute  will be billed to the provider  account.  
C. The reader account  can clone data the provider  has shared,  but cannot re-share it. 
D. The reader account  can create a copy of the shared data using CREATE  TABLE AS... Question  #351 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  activities  consume  virtual warehouse  credits in the Snowflake  environment?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Caching  query results 
B. Running  EXPLAIN  and SHOW  commands  
C. Cloning  a database  
D. Running  a custom query 
E. Running  COPY commands  
 
 
 
Question  #352 Topic 1 
 
When loading  data into Snowflake , the COPY command  supports  which of the following?  
 
A. Joins 
B. Filters 
C. Column  reordering  
D. Aggregates  
 
 
 
Question  #353 Topic 1 
 
What is cached during a query on a virtual warehouse?  
 
A. All columns  in a micro-partition  
B. Any columns  accessed  during the query 
C. The columns  in the result set of the query 
D. All rows accessed  during the query 
 
 
 
Question  #354 Topic 1 
 
What is the default  character  set used when loading  CSV files into Snowflake ? 
 
A. UTF-8 
B. UTF-16 
C. ISO 8859-1 
D. ANSI_X3.4  Question  #355 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  describes  external  functions  in Snowflake ? 
 
A. They are a type of User-defined Function  (UDF). 
B. They contain  their own SQL code. 
C. They call code that is stored inside of Snowflake . 
D. They can return multiple  rows for each row received.  
 
 
 
Question  #356 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  are valid methods  for authenticating  users for access into Snowflake ? (Choose  three.) 
 
A. SCIM 
B. Federated  authentication  
C. TLS 1.2 
D. Key-pair authentication  
E. OAuth 
F. OCSP authentication  
 
 
 
Question  #357 Topic 1 
 
A user has a standard multi -cluster warehouse auto -scaling policy in place.  
Which  condition  will trigger  a cluster  to shut-down? 
A. When after 2-3 consecutive  checks the system determines  that the load on the most-loaded cluster could be redistributed.  
B. When after 5-6 consecutive  checks the system determines  that the load on the most-loaded cluster could be redistributed.  
C. When after 5-6 consecutive  checks the system determines  that the load on the least-loaded cluster could be redistributed.  
D. When after 2-3 consecutive  checks the system determines  that the load on the least-loaded cluster could be redistributed.  
 
 
 
Question  #358 Topic 1 
 
What is the minimum  Snowflake  edition needed  for database  failover  and fail-back between  Snowflake  accounts  for business  continuity 
and disaster  recovery?  
 
A. Standard  
B. Enterprise  
C. Business  Critical  
D. Virtual Private Snowflake   Question  #359 Topic 1 
 
How would a user execute  a series of SQL statements  using a task? 
 
A. Include  the SQL statements  in the body of the task CREATE  TASK mytask  .. AS INSERT  INTO target1  SELECT  .. FROM stream_s1 
WHERE .. INSERT  INTO target2 SELECT  .. FROM stream_s1 WHERE ..  
B. A stored procedure  can have only one DML statement  per stored procedure  invocation  and therefore  the user should sequence 
stored procedure calls in the task de finition CREATE TASK mytask  .. AS call stored_proc1();  call stored_proc2();  
C. Use a stored procedure  executing  multiple  SQL statements  and invoke the stored procedure  from the task. CREATE  TASK mytask 
. ... AS call stored_proc_multiple_statements_inside();  
D. Create a task for each SQL statement (e.g. resulting in task1, task2, etc.) and string the series of SQL statements by having  a 
control task calling task1, task2, etc. sequentially.  
 
 
 
Question  #360 Topic 1 
 
How many resource  monitors  can be assigned  at the account  level? 
 
A. 1 
B. 2 
C. 3 
D. 4 
 
 
 
Question  #361 Topic 1 
 
Data storage  for individual  tables can be monitored  using which commands  and/or objects?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. SHOW  STORAGE  BY TABLE;  
B. SHOW TABLES;  
C. Information  Schema  -> TABLE_HISTORY  
D. Information  Schema  -> TABLE_FUNCTION  
E. Information  Schema  -> TABLE_STORAGE_METRICS  
 
 
 
Question  #362 Topic 1 
 
How would a user run a multi-cluster warehouse  in maximized  mode? 
 
A. Configure the maximum  clusters  setting to "Maximum."  
B. Turn on the additional  clusters  manually  after starting  the warehouse.  
C. Set the minimum  Clusters  and maximum  Clusters  settings  to the same value. 
D. Set the minimum  clusters  and maximum  clusters  settings  to different  values. Question  #363 Topic 1 
 
What internal  stages are available  in Snowflake ? (Choose  three.) 
 
A. Schema  stage 
B. Named stage 
C. User stage 
D. Stream stage 
E. Table stage 
F. Database  stage 
 
 
 
Question  #364 Topic 1 
 
Which  stages  are used with the Snowflake  PUT command  to upload  files from a local file system?  (Choose  three.)  
 
A. Schema  Stage 
B. User Stage 
C. Database  Stage 
D. Table Stage 
E. External  Named Stage 
F. Internal  Named Stage 
 
 
 
Question  #365 Topic 1 
 
Which data type can store more than one type of data structure?  
 
A. JSON 
B. BINARY  
C. VARCHAR  
D. VARIANT  
 
 
 
Question  #366 Topic 1 
 
User-level network  policies  can be created  by which of the following  roles? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. ROLEADMIN  
B. ACCOUNTADMIN  
C. SYSADMIN  
D. SECURITYADNIN  
E. USERADMIN  Question  #367 Topic 1 
 
What SQL command  would be used to view all roles that were granted  to USER1? 
 
A. show grants to user USER1; 
B. show grants  user USER1;  
C. describe  user USER1; 
D. show grants  on user USER1;  
 
 
 
Question  #368 Topic 1 
 
Which ACCOUNT_USAGE  views are used to evaluate  the details of dynamic  data masking?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. ROLES  
B. POLICY_REFERENCES  
C. QUERY_HISTORY  
D. RESOURCE_MONITORS  
E. ACCESS_HISTORY  
F. MASKING_POLICIES  
 
 
 
Question  #369 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  are considerations  when using a directory  table when working  with unstructured  data? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. A directory  table is a separate  database  object. 
B. Directory  tables store data file metadata.  
C. A directory  table will be automatically  added to a stage. 
D. Directory  tables do not have their own grantable  privileges.  
E. Directory  table data cannot be refreshed  manually.  
 
 
 
Question  #370 Topic 1 
 
The first user assigned  to a new account,  ACCOUNTADMIN,  should create at least one additional  user with which administrative 
privilege?  
 
A. USERADMIN  
B. PUBLIC  
C. ORGADMIN  
D. SYSADMIN  Question  #371 Topic 1 
 
Which statement  describes  how Snowflake  supports  reader accounts?  
 
A. A reader account  can consume  data from the provider  account  that created  it and combine  it with its own data. 
B. A consumer  needs to become  a licensed  Snowflake  customer  as data sharing is only supported  between  Snowflake  accounts.  
C. The users in a reader account  can query data that has been shared with the reader account  and can perform  DML tasks. 
D. The SHOW MANAGED  ACCOUNTS  command  will view all the reader accounts  that have been created  for an account.  
 
 
 
Question  #372 Topic 1 
 
How does Snowflake  allow a data provider  with an Azure account  in central Canada  to share data with a data consumer  on AWS in 
Australia?  
 
A. The data provider in Azure Central Canada can create a direct share to AWS Asia Paci fic, if they are both in the same 
organization.  
B. The data consumer and data provider can form a Data Exchange within the same organization to create a share from Azure  
Central  Canada  to AWS Asia Pacific. 
C. The data provider uses the GET DATA work  ow in the Snowflake  Data Marketplace to create a share between Azure Central  
Canada  and AWS Asia Pacific. 
D. The data provider must replicate the database to a secondary account in AWS Asia Paci fic within the same organization then  
create a share to the data consumer's account  
 
 
 
Question  #373 Topic 1 
 
Which  Snowflake  objects  can be shared  with other Snowflake  accounts?  (Choose  three.)  
 
A. Schemas  
B. Roles 
C. Secure Views 
D. Stored Procedures  
E. Tables  
F. Secure User-Defined Functions  (UDFs) 
 
 
 
Question  #374 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  feature will allow small volumes of data to continuously load into Snowflake  and will incrementally m ake the data 
available  for analysis?  
 
A. COPY INTO 
B. CREATE  PIPE 
C. INSERT  INTO 
D. TABLE  STREAM  Question  #375 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  partner  specializes  in data catalog  solutions?  
 
A. Alation  
B. DataRobot  
C. dbt 
D. Tableau  
 
 
 
Question  #376 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  can be executed/called  with Snowpipe ? 
 
A. A User Defined Function  (UDF) 
B. A stored procedure  
C. A single  COPY_INTO  statement  
D. A single  INSERT_INTO  statement  
 
 
 
Question  #377 Topic 1 
 
Which Snowflake  objects  will incur both storage  and cloud compute  charges?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Materialized  view 
B. Sequence  
C. Secure view 
D. Transient  table 
E. Clustered  table 
 
 
 
Question  #378 Topic 1 
 
What file formats  does Snowflake  support  for loading  semi-structured  data? (Choose  three.) 
 
A. TSV 
B. JSON 
C. PDF 
D. Avro 
E. Parquet  
F. JPEG Question  #379 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  statements  about data sharing are true? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. New objects  created  by a Data Provider  are automatically  shared with existing  Data Consumers  and Reader Accounts.  
B. All database  objects  can be included  in a shared database.  
C. Reader Accounts  are created  by Data Providers.  
D. Shared databases  are read-only. 
E. Reader Accounts  are charged  for warehouse  usage. 
 
 
 
Question  #380 Topic 1 
 
Credit charges  for Snowflake  virtual warehouses  are calculated  based on which of the following  considerations?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The number  of queries  executed  
B. The number  of active users assigned  to the warehouse  
C. The size of the virtual warehouse  
D. The length of time the warehouse  is running  
E. The duration  of the queries  that are executed  
 
 
 
Question  #381 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  are handled  by the cloud services  layer of the Snowflake  architecture?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Query execution  
B. Data loading  
C. Time Travel  data 
D. Security  
E. Authentication  and access control 
 
 
 
Question  #382 Topic 1 
 
What is a responsibility  of Snowflake ’s virtual warehouses?  
 
A. Infrastructure  management  
B. Metadata  management  
C. Query execution  
D. Query parsing and optimization  
E. Permanent  storage  of micro-partitions  Question  #383 Topic 1 
 
What features  does Snowflake  Time Travel enable?  
 
A. Querying  data-related  objects  that were created  within the past 365 days 
B. Restoring  data-related  objects  that have been deleted  within the past 90 days 
C. Conducting  point-in-time analysis  for BI reporting  
D. Analyzing  data usage/manipulation  over all periods  of time 
 
 
 
Question  #384 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  statements  describes  a schema  in Snowflake ? 
 
A. A logical grouping  of objects  that belongs  to a single database  
B. A logical grouping  of objects  that belongs  to multiple  databases  
C. A named Snowflake  object that includes  all the information  required  to share a database  
D. A uniquely  identified Snowflake  account  within a business  entity 
 
 
 
Question  #385 Topic 1 
 
What is the recommended  compressed  file size range for continuous  data loads using Snowpipe ? 
 
A. 8-16 MB 
B. 16-24 MB 
C. 10-99 MB 
D. 100-250 MB 
 
 
 
Question  #386 Topic 1 
 
How long is Snowpipe  data load history retained?  
 
A. As configured in the CREATE  PIPE settings  
B. Until the pipe is dropped  
C. 64 days 
D. 14 days  
Question  #387 Topic 1 
 
A company  strongly  encourages  all Snowflake  users to self-enroll in Snowflake 's default  Multi-Factor Authentication  (MFA) service to 
provide  increased  login security  for users connecting  to Snowflake . 
 
Which application  will the Snowflake  users need to install on their devices  in order to connect  with MFA? 
 
A. Okta Verify 
B. Duo Mobile  
C. Microsoft  Authenticator  
D. Google Authenticator  
 
 
 
Question  #388 Topic 1 
 
Which URL type allows users to access unstructured  data without  authenticating  into Snowflake  or passing an authorization  token? 
 
A. Pre-signed URL 
B. Scoped  URL 
C. Signed  URL 
D. File URL 
 
 
 
Question  #389 Topic 1 
 
Where would a Snowflake  user find information  about query activity  from 90 days ago? 
 
A. account_ usage.query_history  view 
B. account_usage.query_history_archive  view 
C. information_schema.query_history  view 
D. information_schema.query_history_by_session   view 
 
 
 
Question  #390 Topic 1 
 
A marketing co -worker has requested the ability to change a warehouse size on their medium virtual warehouse called MKTG_WH.  
Which  of the following  statements  will accommodate  this request?  
A. ALLOW  RESIZE  ON WAREHOUSE  MKTG_WH  TO USER MKTG_LEAD;  
B. GRANT  MODIFY  ON WAREHOUSE  MKTG_WH  TO ROLE MARKETING;  
C. GRANT  MODIFY  ON WAREHOUSE  MKTG_WH  TO USER MKTG_LEAD;  
D. GRANT  OPERATE  ON WAREHOUSE  MKTG_WH  TO ROLE MARKET;  Question  #391 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  commands  cannot be used within a reader account?  
 
A. CREATE  SHARE  
B. ALTER  WAREHOUSE  
C. DROP ROLE 
D. SHOW SCHEMAS  
E. DESCRIBE  TABLE  
 
 
 
Question  #392 Topic 1 
 
Which TABLE function  helps to convert  semi-structured  data to a relational  representation?  
 
A. CHECK_JSON  
B. TO_JSON  
C. FLATTEN  
D. PARSE_JSON  
 
 
 
Question  #393 Topic 1 
 
Which query profile statistics  help determine  if efficient  pruning  is occurring?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Bytes sent over network  
B. Percentage  scanned  from cache 
C. Partitions  total 
D. Bytes spilled to local storage  
E. Partitions  scanned  
 
 
 
Question  #394 Topic 1 
 
What are the default  Time Travel and Fail-safe retention  periods  for transient  tables? 
 
A. Time Travel - 1 day, Fail-safe - 1 day 
B. Time Travel  - 0 days, Fail-safe - 1 day 
C. Time Travel - 1 day, Failsafe  - 0 days 
D. Transient  tables are retained  in neither  Fail-safe nor Time Travel. Question  #395 Topic 1 
 
Which command  is used to unload data from a Snowflake  table into a file in a stage? 
 
A. COPY INTO 
B. GET 
C. WRITE  
D. EXTRACT  INTO 
 
 
 
Question  #396 Topic 1 
 
What are advantages  clones have over tables created  with CREATE  TABLE AS SELECT  statement?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. The clone always stays in sync with the original  table. 
B. The clone has better query performance.  
C. The clone is created  almost instantly.  
D. The clone will have time travel history from the original  table. 
E. The clone saves space by not duplicating  storage.  
 
 
 
Question  #397 Topic 1 
 
How often are the Account  and Table master keys automatically  rotated  by Snowflake ? 
 
A. 30 Days 
B. 60 Days 
C. 90 Days 
D. 365 Days. 
 
 
 
Question  #398 Topic 1 
 
Which privilege  is required  for a role to be able to resume  a suspended  warehouse  if auto-resume  is not enabled?  
 
A. USAGE  
B. OPERATE  
C. MONITOR  
D. MODIFY  Question  #399 Topic 1 
 
Which statement  MOST accurately  describes  clustering  in Snowflake ? 
 
A. The database  ACCOUNTADMIN  must define the clustering  methodology  for each Snowflake  table. 
B. Clustering  is the way data is grouped  together  and stored within Snowflake  micro-partitions.  
C. The clustering  key must be included  in the COPY command  when loading  data into Snowflake . 
D. Clustering  can be disabled  within a Snowflake  account.  
 
 
 
Question  #400 Topic 1 
 
Which of the following  practices  are recommended  when creating  a user in Snowflake ? (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Configure the user to be initially  disabled.  
B. Force an immediate  password  change.  
C. Set a default  role for the user. 
D. Set the number  of minutes  to unlock to 15 minutes.  
E. Set the user's access to expire within a specified timeframe.  
 
 
 
Question  #401 Topic 1 
 
Network  policies  can be applied  to which of the following  Snowflake  objects?  (Choose  two.) 
 
A. Roles 
B. Databases  
C. Warehouses  
D. Users 
E. Accounts  
 
 
  
 
 
Answers  
 
q1 b 
q2 bd  
q3 b 
q4 b 
q5 a 
q6 abc  
q7 b 
q8 b 
q9 bd  
q10 a  
q11 b  
q12 c  
q13 abce  
q14 b  
q15 ac  
q16 acd  
q17 d  
q18 b  
q19 abcde  - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/security -mfa 
q20 b  
q21 bcd  
q22 a  
q23 d  
q24 b  
q25 a  
q26 abcd  
q27 cd  
q28 a  
q29 d  
q30 a  
q31 d - PII & HIPAA compliance supported for Business Critical Edition or higher  
q32 abd  
q33 b  
q34 b - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/jdbc.html  
q35 a  
q36 b  
q37 acd  
q38 ac  
q39 a  
q40 bd  
q41 c  
q42 a  
q43 c  
q44 ab  
q45 b  
q46 acd  
q47 d  
q48 ac  
q49 abc  
q50 a  
q51 b  
q52 ac  
q53 b  
q54 d  
q55 d  
q56 ab  
q57 a  
q58 d  
q59 b  
q60 c  
q61 d  q62 c  
q63 cd  
q64 b  
q65 ab  
q66 d  
q67 a  
q68 bd  
q69 cd  
q70 d  
q71 c  
q72 b  
q73 b  
q74 a  
q75 abcd - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql -reference/udf -overview.html  
q76 bc  
q77 abcd - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/data -load-web-ui 
q78 d  
q79 b  
q80 ac  
q81 bd - [ VALIDATION_MODE = RETURN_<n>_ROWS | RETURN_ERRORS | RETURN_ALL_ERRORS ]  
q82 d  
q83 bde  
q84 a - Some aggregate queries are answered thru micro partitions metadata only. not requiring any 
VW spin ups  
q85 a  
q86 a  
q87 a  
q88 a  
q89 c https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql -reference/data -types -structured#label -structured -types -
working -flatten  
q90 a  
q91 b  
q92 ? - if anyone every knows 100%, pls email me.  
q93 b  
q94 a  
q95 c  
q96 d  
q97 c  
q98 bc  
q99 a  
q100 d  
q101 c  
q102 b - It bills for minimum 1 minute  
q103 b  
q104 d  
q105 b  
q106 b  
q107 b  
q108 a  
q109 b - Owner is always the role, not the user.  
q110 b - if inactive means suspended, then False  
q111 b  
q112 ab  
q113 ac  
q114 b  
q115 b  
q116 a  
q117 abcd  
q118 a  
q119 a  
q120 c  
q121 bcd  
q122 a  
q123 a  
q124 a  
q125 b  
q126 b  
q127 a  q128 b  
q129 b  
q130 b  
q131 ac  
q132 b  
q133 a  
q134 b  
q135 acd  
q136 b  
q137 ae  
q138 b  
q139 a  
q140 bd  
q141 a  
q142 d  
q143 d  
q144 c  
q145 cd  
q146 ce  
q147 d  
q148 c  
q149 a  
q150 bc  - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/intro -editions.html  
q151 bcf  
q152 bc  
q153 c  
q154 be  
q155 b  
q156 a  
q157 bcd  
q158 c  
q159 a  
q160 a  
q161 de  
q162 b  
q163 abd  
q164 a  
q165 b  
q166 c  
q167 c  
q168 d  
q169 ce  
q170 d  
q171 bd - A. Role (ACCOUNT)  
 B. Stream (SCHEMA)  
 C. Warehouse (ACCOUNT)  
 D. External table (SCHEMA)  
 E. User (ACCOUNT)  
 F. Share (DATABASE)  
q172 be  
q173 b  
q174 d  
q175 bd - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql -reference/functions/flatten#output  
q176 b  
q177 a  
q178 a  
q179 c  
q180 d  
q181 ac  
q182 cd  
q183 ade  
q184 b  
q185 a  
q186 b  
q187 b  
q188 ad  
q189 d  
q190 de  q191 c  
q192 cd  
q193 d  
q194 bc old question, ignore.  
q195 b  
q196 b  
q197 d  
q198 c  
q199 c  
q200 c  
q201 bd  
q202 a  
q203 ae  
q204 c  
q205 be  
q206 c  
q207 de  
q208 b  
q209 d  
q210 cd  
q211 ade  
q212 d  
q213 d  
q214 b  
q215 ce  
q216 b  
q217 b  
q218 ae  
q219 ce  
q220 a  
q221 d  
q222 a  
q223 ad  
q224 ac ? Open to debate.  
q225 b  
q226 d  
q227 d  
q228 ad  
q229 cd  
q230 d  
q231 d  
q232 a  
q233 ad  
q234 a  
q235 b  
q236 b  
q237 ab - the keyword for me is "Always"....not sure?  
q238 bc  
q239 b  
q240 a  
q241 ac  
q242 c  
q243 de  
q244 ac  
q245 b  
q246 ad  
q247 b  
q248 d  
q249 d  
q250 b  
q251 cd  
q252 c  
q253 d  
q254 b  
q255 c  
q256 b  
q257 d  
q258 d  q259 ac  
q260 bc  
q261 c  
q262 b  
q263 c  
q264 c  
q265 b  
q266 a  
q267 cd  
q268 b - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql -reference/account -usage/resource_monitors  
q269 d  
q270 d  
q271 ad  
q272 be  
q273 b  
q274 bd  
q275 d  
q276 ce  
q277 a  
q278 def  
q279 d  
q280 b  
q281 d  
q282 d  
q283 bd  
q284 a  
q285 de - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/tables -clustering -keys#label -considerations -
for-choosing -clustering  
q286 b  
q287 b  
q288 ce  
q289 b  
q290 ad  
q291 be  
q292 c  
q293 a  
q294 bc  
q295 C and D https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql -reference/data -types -geospatial  
q296 d  
q297 ac  
q298 bc https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/resource -monitors.html#actions  
q299 c  
q300 a  
q301 ad  
q302 d - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql -reference/sql/copy -into-table#reloading -files 
q303 d  
q304 c  
q305 a  
q306 c  
q307 c  
q308 cd  
q309 c  
q310 a  
q311 c  
q312 a  
q313 a  
q314 de  
q315 d  
q316 ae  
q317 d  
q318 a  
q319 c  
q320 c  
q321 bc  
q322 be  
q323 a  
q324 c - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/tables -auto-reclustering  
q325 d  q326 c  
q327 cd  
q328 be  
q329 a  
q330 a  
q331 d  
q332 a  
q333 b  
q334 a  
q335 b  
q336 a  
q337 d  
q338 bd  
q339 c  
q340 b  
q341 c - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user -guide/data -load-snowpipe -intro.html#load -history  
q342 b  
q343 c  
q344 d  
q345 bd  
q346 a  
q347 d  
q348 cd  
q349 bc  
q350 b  
q351 de  
q352 c  
q353 email me if u know for sure..  
q354 a  
q355 a  
q356 bde  
q357 d  
q358 c  
q359 c  
q360 a  
q361 be  
q362 c  
q363 bce  
q364 bdf  
q365 d  
q366 bd  
q367 a  
q368 bf  
q369 bd  
q370 a  
q371 d  
q372 d  
q373 cef  
q374 b  
q375 a  
q376 c  
q377 ae  
q378 bde  
q379 cd  
q380 cd  
q381 de  
q382 c  
q383 b  
q384 a  
q385 d  
q386 d  
q387 b  
q388 a  
q389 a  
q390 b  
q391 a  
q392 c  
q393 ce  q394 c  
q395 a  
q396 ce  
q397 a  
q398 b  
q399 b  
q400 bc  
q401 de  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 